Hey there. Welcome back for the 354 video daily challenge after 20 years worth of contributions here on GitHub. Today's round is for July 5th, 2025. Without further ado, let's get right into it. Okay, today we could easy problem 1394. Find lucky integer in an array. Given an array of integers, R. A lucky integer is an integer that has a frequency in the array equal to its value. Okay, return the largest lucky integer in the array. If there's no lucky integer, return negative 1. Okay, this is going to be very easy. What we're going to do is we're going to have a a dictionary here. Uh we'll say um and we'll just make it like this. For num in R, we'll say uh d of num is equal to d.get num comma 0 + one. And turn max of um d.keys key for key and D if d of key equals key something like that uh what's the default default will be equals1 Yeah. All right. Submit. And there we go. Bada bing, bada boom. Publishes 354 days. Consistency is key. See you tomorrow. Uh, zero mess between 100% of solutions. Okay. Very nice, straightforward and easy problem. Okay. So nevertheless, as always on all my videos that do a quick cookie cap will solve the problem. So with this one essentially, yeah, we're given an array of integers R. A lucky integer is an integer that has a frequency in the array equal to its value. Return the largest lucky integer in the array. If there's no lucky integer, return negative one. So very first thing I did is I used a hashmap to essentially store each number's frequency in the array, right? So like here I have an empty dictionary for each number in uh in the array I'm going to say okay um the value of of num inside my dictionary d will be the current value of num otherwise zero by default plus one right because for each time I see a num in r I'm going to say hey I'm going to augment its frequency by one the default is going to be zero if it's not yet present in the dictionary otherwise the current nums frequency value and plus one to it for every single num we see right so here if I do print f frank d equals right you'll see that in the very first example we have two twos 1 3 and on four. So we'd expect to see two with a frequency of two. Three with a frequency of one. Four with a frequency of one. And that's exactly what we have. Two has a frequency of two. Three has a frequency of one. Four has a frequency of one. Right? So now we want to return the largest lucky integer in the array where an integer is lucky if its frequency is equal to its own value. So here what I do is I return the max out of each key in the dictionary. So max of key for key and D if it is the case that the frequency of uh that if the key itself the number that is the key itself is equal to the frequency of that that that key right these keys are numbers right so for example here's one key the number two the number three and the number four so I'm going to say for each key in my dictionary right for each key in D if it is the case that D of key is equal to key right if it is the case that the frequency of that key is equal to the key value itself right for example two's frequency would be two. So yes, it is equal. Three's frequency would be one. So it's not equal. Four's frequency would be one. So it is not equal. Right? So out of all the ones where it is the case that the frequency is equal to the key itself, um I'm going to take the max of that of those values, right? Uh if there is no such, you know, um case right where it is the case that key is equal to DF key, right? Uh that's why I have this little part which is default of negative one, right? So if like this happens to be like you know an empty empty result then by default I will just return negative one and there we go bada bing bada boom we have a nice and efficient uh working solution to this problem and yeah but otherwise that's pretty much it for this video. If you did find this useful enjoyable in any shape or form I'd highly appreciate if left a like or a comment or otherwise I'll catch you next one. Till then cha chow my friend. Bye-bye.

Original video: [**Daily LeetCode Challenge (Day 354): Find Lucky Integer in an Array**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6c4BFIEPOwQ)